Dynamic kubelet config is removed (#31799)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2018-07-11-dynamic-kubelet-configuration.md

**Author**: Michael Taufen (Google)

> **Editor’s note: Since this article publication, the feature was removed in the version 1.24.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Editor’s note: The feature has been removed in the version 1.24 after deprecation in 1.22.**
```
